well howdy there internet people let's
bow again
so uh today we're gonna talk about the
problem with sanctuary cities because
something happened here in Florida that
just has me fuming and just you know
this is what the cops say happened not
me
this guy he's driving along and a couple
asked him for a ride and the first he
says no because they're shady and
eventually he lets him in or they get in
and then he Gries to give him a ride
they stick a gun to the back of his head
and make him drive to this trailer where
of course there's a whole bunch of them
at they take him inside time to this
chair blindfold him beat him torture him
steal his money still the tools out of
his truck take his keys threaten to kill
him I guess a female with him apparently
told him that if he said anything that
he she say that he raped her but thank
God they decided to let him go
they don't kill him but before they let
him leave they make sure to tell him
that he can't go to the cops because
he's illegal yeah it was one of the
white people that did that to him that
story didn't go the way you thought it
was going to it is you that's why
sanctuary cities exist because if the
cops local cops have to run everybody
that they won't run into for Isis
database I mean let's just set aside the
whole fact of local law enforcement
walking around like the Gestapo asking
for papers it means that victims of
violent crime can't go to the cops
without fear of being deported
makes them less than human removes all
of their protections betta rape them
Robin doesn't matter they're not real
people they can't go to the cops
probably sanctuary cities is that they
even need to exist now a lot of local
departments they don't want to do it
because of the liability involved with
it because Isis database is not entirely
accurate we just had a case here in
Florida where a 50 year old man violated
probation because he felt urinalysis
now being the violent criminal that he
is he wouldn't turned himself in where
he finds out he has an ice detainer and
he's slated to be deported to Jamaica
and he tells them you know I'm a US
citizen I've only been to Jamaica once
on a cruise and they hold him for three
weeks before they find out Isis database
was wrong three weeks
papers please then we just had what a
veteran get picked up by ice wearing his
dog tags carrying his military ID with
his passport on his person and they held
him anyway also the US citizen
local departments don't want to be
exposed to that kind of liability the
smart ones anyway they're not ones ran
by not racists and I know I know you're
saying that you know if we have these
sanctuary cities well then all these
undocumented workers will come there and
they'll set up these little communities
and they won't assimilate and I can
understand that argument because one
county over there's a trailer park and
it is full of these people they barely
speak English they all work under the
table while collecting disability
selling drugs they got that flag flying
in the middle of it it's not the US flag
it's the Confederate flag also a bunch
of white people and it doesn't raise
violent crime either
that's the other thing there it's
statistically proven illegal immigrants
commit less violent crime than
native-born but that also that right
there has a lot to do with why why
there's a war on immigration all of a
sudden so you've got these private
prisons that uh you know that they know
marijuana legalization is coming so it
certainly seemed like they're pushing to
have that war on drugs shift to a war on
immigration because let's be honest
tearing it for money they don't want to
house violent people if you can't get
the money for housing nonviolent drug
users who never harmed anyone
nonviolent immigration violations who
never harmed anyone seems like a good
place to make that money
the problem with sanctuary cities is
that they're not every city that's the
problem no local department should be
enforcing laws outside of his
jurisdiction the feds took control of
immigration they decided it was their
power and I even get into that that they
took that power from the states they
took that power they took it over it's
their responsibility let them deal with
it there's no reason for your local
deputy or your local cop to walk around
like the Gestapo and further enforce the
idea that undocumented workers are
subhuman and have no rights anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good day